Notes

Bugs Found ............................................................................


Bugs found while creating test cases: 

1.
Bug found in tester@gmail when registration
I thought the web application automacticlly might put the .com part but it does not. It creates a separate account for that person with different username.

2.
A taken username can be registered with a different email.

3. 
Username accepts spaces and not trimmed.

4. 
Password complexity is not complex enough. Only requirement is to have 8 character minimum. 

5. 
User should be loggout when pressing the logout button and than pressing the back button on broswer. 

6. 
When a person logouts from the profile page, and pressing the back button on the browser, sensitive information is still displayed. The same happens with any page such as the API keys and billing plans.  

7. 
Using spaces on search box displays unexpected search results. 

8. Not sure if this is a valid bug. 
A few odd naming cities and islands don't appear. 
(1700, AU)  (Apocalypse Peaks, Antarctica)(No Name, Colorado, USA)


Notes..........................................................................

Questions emerged during the creation of test cases. 


Question for later: 

1. A few test cases can be automated but I'm not sure if it should. Such as TC_LF_016, Wouldn't I need to create another test case to change the password to its original password to avoid having to change the password and use it on different test cases? 

How do companies handle test cases that can be automaized? How do dev test their code if it needs to be manually tested? 

Is it possible to link TestRail to test cases without using Zebrunners Registration TestRail library and without having to add hardcode on each test case? 

Does Zebrunner have the same ability as TestRail to mark each test case that was tested in a automation test? Zebrunner integrated TestRail to years ago, maybe it is possible now. 


When creating test, how do I know I covered the most importante? 
Should the first part of every testing step be in the prerequisites instead?for the registration page. 


Is it normal to have 27 test cases for a signin page?

Is it good practice to combine test cases when creating test scripts? For exmaples one test case validates the error message and another test cases validates the proper placeholder for text fields. Boths of them can be combined into one test script. 

Should the test scripts be exactly like the expected results in the test cases?

At some point, test scripts were not executing properly cus the website would not load. This stop happing until disconnecting and reconnecting to the internet. 


When testing the create account page, how do I know that all 3 check boxes present an 

How to proceed when creating a test script that needs to use the error message as a validation method? TC_LF_013 


What to do in this situation?
If I create a test for each browser, that would require more code. 
But if I create only one version of a test for each browser, then I can't use parallel testing in TestNG which requires more time to execute because they need to be executed one by one. One thread can't use a class that is used from another thread. 
Answer: Apparently, making the same test run parallelly by test instead of by class will work fine. I'm still not sure why it works. It probably has to do with the rules of multithreading or TestNG. 

After thinking, I realized that two threads can't execute the same reference. For that reason, if you want to execute the same class with different parameters parallelly, it will not be possible because it has the same reference in memory, if you create another reference pointing to that reference, then it can execute. That's what happens when executing the same class but in a different test. Check out MultiBrowserTest for an example and solution. 



What is the best practice when creating a new page?

a. To click a link to a new page and create the page and get the driver?
SignInPageBase signInPage = new SignInPage(getDriver());

b. To click the link and use it to return a new page? 
userHomePage = signInPage.signIn("testytestio836@gmail.com", "123qwe!@#QWE");


Challenges-----------------------------------------------

1.Repeated code when creating similar test cases such as open the same page over and over. 
I created IBase.java interface to avoid repeating code. 

2. Docker needed to be setup to create different continanier for different environments. I added bat files and a Setup class to fix that. 

3. Sensitive data was being exposed in the testing framework for that reason I needed to generate an key to encrypt sensitive data. I also created a file to encrypt any string or file. 

 


  